Sometimes I don't like to watch a film 2 times because I feel like the movie was too good. A good example of this is no country for old men. I feel like the film really wowed me the first time I watched it with just how intense everything felt but I feel like if I were to rewatch it, I'd feel like it's not as good since I know how all the intense and powerful action scenes play out. And since I know when they'll all die, there's not really much suspense to the entire movie. I don't know, that's just my thoughts on it. Also it's quite annoying how silent the silencer on the gun is. Like that's pretty clearly not how silencers work but oh well. It's still a really really really good film and I guess someday I'll come back and look through it again. I'm not too sure. One film that I am dying to rewatch however is Blade Runner 2049. When I first watched it in 2018, I was blown away with just how good it was all around. It's such a masterpiece in the way it was constructed. From the cinematography, to the story, to the pacing. I was on the edge of my seat for the entire thing and it just felt like such this emotional and heart warming ride. This story of this guy who feels like he has this greater purpose and wants to latch onto that greater idea as much as he can. ALSO THAT LOVE SCHENE HOLY. Thinking about it back, that's such an impressive scene and it's just so powerful. Thinking about his love for joy, it feels very real to how I personally feel now with woman. I want this intimate experiance with someone but at the same time, it's just something that's manufactored and pumped out. It's like porn, it's something that's just mass generated and something that I crave in my head as something lustful and something I want. Blade Runner 2049 isn't really a sad film as much as it is just a story that reflects how tense everything is. Looking back, I don't really know what the main bad guys motivation was or why he was doing what he was doing. I don't even know remember what the whole journey was for. But I still feel like the film really stuck with me becasue of how good Ryan Renalds character was flushed out. It was a story of being lonely and of trying to find a meaning in the world just filled with chaos. I feel like it's just such a powerful film for me because it's such a strong reflection of my own lonelyness, my own want for others to care for me and for me to have some great purpose in my life. I want to be someone who has meaning and that's what gets reflected back to me from the film. Perhaps it's this want for that narritive to be true that drives me away from watching the film a second time. This feeling that I won't relate that much to the story still and feel like it'll just fall flat. But even if that's the case, it'll mean I'm in a better place. It'll mean that I'm happier then I was back in 2018. I'll be in a state where maybe I've found my own path. Where I'm not just another machine in the system with little emotion but someone who is able to live a life of my own will. I guess that's why the main character is so satisfied at the end. He's broken out of the chains that hold him to the cycle of society and he's able to rest a man free from the cycle that he's stuck in. I can't wait for dune. I hardly understand the story but I trust Denis so much for his way of capturing a story. I am 100% on board and I'm down to swallow every single ounce of it. Maybe I'll have some appifany when I watch that movie again. Or maybe I'll just be able to relax and have the movie take me way to a life where I can be free. I'm not sure.