You know it's so surreal to know how these airplanes can fly. Like when you look at them. It doesn't seem like they can push downward so much air. Like that surface area of that wing is just so small. My penis is even bigger then them. How are they even able to generate that much lift. One thing that is kind of on my mind right now is store brand products. Like yes, they don't sell as much as the name brand stuff, but they still would make a ton of money right? I mean in order to make those products, a company like safeway would have to invest a crap ton of money in making the product right? Not just distributing the product but also bottling them and actually making them. I guess that's what trader joes does. Instead of having competing products in their store, they just sell other companies products through their own labeling and their exclusive producting. One thing I really enjoy from trader joes is their ginger ale but it's only around once a year basically. I guess in the case of a product like that, since the ginger is so sensitive to the season, they can only really sell it once in a blue moon (once a year it's not that bad). Man, that's actually so cleaver now that I think about it. If they sell a product that you can only get in their store and nowhere else, you'll go into their store and at the end, you'll come out with a crap ton of stuff that you've bought. I guess this is also how costco works and how ice cream works. They put the chicken in the back and the ice cream in the end so that you have to go through the entire store to get it and in turn you'll buy more then just that last product that you've been looking for. 
	I've had this notion that Disney is a monopoly for a while. I think the main reason that I think that is that they just have all these properties with no real sign of stopping. Like what do they have? Star Wars, all the disney princesses, Pixar, the MCU. Ok let's first break down each of these individually. First we have Star Wars. What the hell is with star wars. Like they can just roll a shit ton of money through that syfi space. Every person who is somewhat interested in syfi just knows about starwars. It's become as sysnonomus with geek culture as literally anything. If you say Python, someone says Star Wars, if you say Differential equations, someone else says Star Wars. If you mention Star Trek, someone else says Star Wars. It's the answer to any multipart trivia series on literally anything. And then you have all the disney princesses. This one might just be more hsitorical then anything but the Disney world essentally have a monopoly on any princess story now. If you think of any movie with the word princess, you think of disney. That's actually insane marketing on their part. Just being able to associate those two things together in a way that just allows them to come together as one thing. Like I know that the princess bride isn't a princess film but I still think of disney when I think of that movie. WHAT THE HELL. Like wow, that's actually broken af. Next, we have the childhood classic of Pixar. First I would like to state that Rattitui is one of my favorite films of all time. It make a lasting impression on me as a kid and it's always stuck in my mind from then on. But JESUS, it's just another one of the products that the people in Disney just pump out and that all these kids just latch onto and love for the rest of their life. I know that's happened to me and I'm not happy to admit that but it's somehting that I guess in a way I need to just accept. Lastly there's the big guy (at least for now) the MCU. Jesus christ if there isn't something bigger in cinema history then the MCU. For starters, endgame is the top grossing film of all time. It's the top grossing film of all time. ALL TIME WHAT. I know that there were people who watched the film multiple times to help get it to the top because they were that loyal to the MCU. WHAT IN THE WHAT. I don't know if that is manipulation or entertainment at that point. There's just so much content in the MCU in so many different platforms that if you were to watch it all, you either have a serious problem with how you spend your money or you're just super rich. Like Jesus Christ. it's over a multiple day binge to watch all the marvel movies in order. And the reason that I know that is that I've had people I know do it. Now honestly, all these things on their own are fine. I'm fine having a judgernaught in the animation space, a symbol of princesses, a syfi power house, and a brainwashing franchise. But they're all under 1 roof. That's like having a solar panel company and a electric car company and a rocket company all be owned by one gu- oh that's already the case. 
	Ok I've just raged a lot but there is a big question with all this: will these things exist if there wasn't a big company to connect them all. Because the truth is that the company of this big powerhouse may need to exist in order to build out all these other things. They may need those princesses to throw a bunch of money into the animations to throw money at the wars and the mcu ect. But I really don't know about that. These are things that are huge things buy their own. Do they really need to be housed under one roof? The UFC is having a problem right now where the fighters aren't getting paid very much. What's happening is that since the UFC is basically the biggest MMA organization by a wide margin, all the fighters who want to do anything meaningful with their carrier join and that's all they know. Now, I understand that there's problems with growing an organization like such and I understand that people such as the owner of the organization would like to put money into things such as promotion and growing the brand name of the organization for a broader reach. But in the mean time, why don't these fighters get paid more? Like I'm not talking across the board from the bottom fighter to the top fighter. But with the top fighters, why don't they get paid more? With the top 15 fighters, I think they only get paid like $100k per fight which in the surface sounds like a lot. But a lot of these fighters are going to Wars, they're having elite competition and so they won't be able to make it a couple of rounds without problems. A good example of this is with Paulo Costa right now how is not taking up a fight becasue he feels like he's been screwed out after the fight vs izzy. Ok, first I should justify why $100k isn't very much. The first thing is that there's really no upside from there. What do I mean by that? well when you are fighting, you're not just having a ring that you go into and fight. you need to prepare for a fight and continue to train. Now those top trainers that you're going to for helping to build out your weak areas are going to cost a shit ton of money. On top of that, you should probably have some kind of nutritionist to help make sure you stay in good shape and people to help you with the weight cutting and regeneration. There's a lot of overhead and you'll be getting sucked a bunch of money. Now these fighters can't really retaliate against this. They're stuck in this organization and there's no real way for them to get out. 
	I feel like this may be a paradoxically opposite problem in an organization like Disney. They don't have any limitations on budget and so they can just throw money at anything that they think will make money. On the flip side, they've just gotten perfected to make money off the system. I know it's all a place to help build dreams in children but at the same time, it's a compnay that's designed to just make a crap ton of money for itself. Ok maybe that's a little too morbid but isn't the entire system to help fuel that idea? Like they open Disney stores for people to more willingly throw money at stuffed animals they have the same connection as everyone else does. You know this kind of reminds me of Blade Runner 2049 in a messed up way. The company sells us happiness in the form of this thing but it's this mass marketed thing that we all are recieiving. It's not something special or unique but just happiness that's shared across all and perhaps there's something tained with an idea such as that. I know that's not highlighted as the best thing but it's also something that brings people happiness right? Watching a film just brings joy to people and you can't really manufactor that. These people are getting entertained in a way that they like and in a form that they are actively looking at. If a company like Disney is bad, then that would be to say all of main stream consumption is bad. It's not really bad if it helps people fulfil the escapement that they desire and that want to get away. At this point, it just sounds like this is a whole lot of do nothing. So what Disney is a monopoly and so what if it's highlighted to just make the most profit as possible. These people are happy consuming this content. It satisfies their life and lets them just have a way to escape into a different world. It doesn't matter if it doesn't bring the most meaning into their life because the ultimate goal is just that happiness. 
	You know the more that I learn about how to be sucessful and how to be happy, it makes me just feel like there's very little way to be both successful and happy. Maybe that's why Jeff Bezos cheated, maybe that's why the gates broke up and why the cofounder of reddit killed himself. You don't really get a choice to live a life of being happy when you're pushing your ass off to become successful. It's a priveledge to be in that point where you can be happy with the content you make and not overwork ourself. This rat race of just competing to the top if just just a toxic mess that will eat you alive if you think of it too much. Maybe that's why I'm writing so much these days. It helps me build this world in my mind where things are different. Where I'm not this antisocial guy who can't really talk to his parents or friends. Where I'm confident and happy enough to put myself out and make a youtube channel. Or maybe that's the world that I'm chasing because I know that this path I'm headed down is going no-where but a place where I'm not going to be as happy. I know that I like Electrical Engineering and that I want to change a world with building things but at the same time know that my mind just wants to get out and make these things to get my thoughts out. Maybe I can do both, I know that people have in the past but also those people are very successful and are really relaxing when they do this kind of stuff. But I also know how happy I feel when I get a video out, I know they're all just shit videos but there's just this happy feeling about being able to put myself that one more out into the world. Just this way to get myself to a place where I don't feel as bad about everything. Maybe one day, I'll revisit everything and wonder why I didn't make a choice sooner or why I didn't consider this 3rd option that works better for me. Until then, i think that I just want to keep on typing away. 