You know, there's not a lot that I want to really talk about these days. I feel like I'm quite shit at just making small conversation with people. I know that with Caro, she said that I was doing alright with talking to her over text but I was quite shit at talking in person. And I think that the difference is that over text, I just have a shit ton more time to say things and I just have a lot more time to think over what I'm going to say. Today I was talking to Tansy over text and I told her just this text wall about Jevin that I'm sure she didn't really care much for. I know it's something that I shouldn't care too much about but that's just something that really kinda just bothers me of myself you know? Like I just can't shut up and listen. Ok that didn't really have much connection to the previous thing so I should probably elaborate. I remember I had this debate with my dad about things and I know that I just wasn't very attentive to the points that he was trying to get across. We were discussing stuff about the case with China and how they were not very good for things or whatever. I just remember the main thing was that we were yelling at each other about points without any real concentration of what each other was saying. Idk, maybe that's too simplified, it probably is. Let's go to a case where I was making small talk with someone. When I was talking to my ex 2 weeks ago. What happened then. Well we were discussing life stuff, the usual of "How was your day" and "what are you up to" but for so much of that conversation, I just was spewing on about random things. She asked me how I was and I went onto this 30 min rant about how UW Sucked and that I wish I didn't go to the school. There wasn't really much of me being interested in what she was talking about and me asking her how she was doing with her life. She opened up about how she had started this internship and I didn't really know how to continue with that conversation and that point. What could I have said? I could have asked her what made her interested in that specific opertunity? Perhaps what the people like there are like or what she's working on now. I'm not sure if that's stuff that people like to discuss. I guess that goes back to the previous point I made a while ago about how people like to know that they're recignized and that they're validated for thier choices. So I guess I could have asked her more intrecisies about what goes into working at a personal finance firm. How they make money, how much they help people save on their money, what kind of people use their services for things. I know those are somewhat boring questions but I guess they're good starters for helping me just understand where she's coming from with her work. 

Making small talk is something that I'm not good at, if you asked how I am, I'll tell you about how the people in flint michagen are still suffering too much for what it should be in a country like the US and how everything is going to shit with climate change. I went out with this girl a couple times. The first time, I just didn't talk much and that kind of set the tone for the rest of time time that we saw each other. It wasn't that I didn't want to say, it's that I started out labeling myself as someone who didn't talk very much and in return the next couple times we hung out, she would just talk on for hours to me about things since she knew 8/10 I wouldn't have much to say for myself about anything. Maybe that's the case, I shouldn't let something like this get to me but I say that about a ton of things. I think deep down, I do just want to 

It was about 10 min before the flight would take off and the 2 seats next to me lay open with no one. I was kind of hoping that no one would fill them but at the same time I also thought that it was kinda stupid how there would be a flight with 2 whole seats not filled. Not to mention 2 seats right next to each other. There was a solid moment of hesitation as I wondered if I should invite the person in the front of the middle seat if he'd want to move back to give himself some space. Suddenly, a school of children walked on. And 2 of them moved smack dab right next to me. "Hi" The boy said, he looked about 15 but I'm just terrible with age. I mean all white people look alike am I right? "Hey" I said, "What brings you guys on this flight" "We went to see some family up here, what about you" What can I say to a question like that. "Yeah, came up here to visit my mom and stepdad up here" I probably should have just stopped there. "They live on a boat, I mean it's a big boat but it's not like a yacht or anything, just something they live on" I think there's a key time when you realize you're oversharing. Things got quiet after that but it's a 30 min plane ride. As soon as we went up and I got ready to pull ou the seat tray in front of me to type stuff out, I heard over the announcements that we had to stow everything away to land again. Using a surface is usually not a bad experiance. Yes, it's hard and uncomfortable to place the 