Is writing making me a better person? I don't think so. I feel like if there's something that makes you become a better person, it has to be something that you practice more then once. With writing, yes I'm writing basically every day but I'm only really reflecting on each thing I'm writing about once in a long while. It's not like I have the mental power to practice all these things all the time when I'm working on things. For example, I just wrote about how I should ask more questions about a project or thing to help make it so that a person is less critical of themselves but why is that something that I want to talk about. Am I getting better at writing? Maybe, I feel like I've gotten more comfortable with typing for extended periods of time and just getting all the words down in a way to fill word counts but I also feel like I'm not doing enough with my typing to make this all worth it. Also, I feel like this all just encourages me to stay in my own head with my thoughts. Like not really share with others, just share internally with myself and hope that someone out there will understand what the hell I'm talking about with everything. 
I'm not sure if I'm lonely or if I'm afraid.
I feel like I'm more afraid of opening myself more then anything. Of worrying what people will say or if I'll be dragging people down. At the same time I guess a lot of people feel that way and it's somewhat normal to feel that way about things. How can I get better from these feelings? I guess I just need to stop caring so much what other people think of me. I need to stop letting the thoughts of Daniela mess with me and just focus on myself. I just need to help make sure that I'm happy and that I'm going well with things. 
Why do I care so much of what Daniela thinks of me? I guess it's some kind of vaildation that I'm doing alright for myself. Looking up to someone who I think is in a better placd to see if I'm on the right track. I shouldn't compare like that. I should just focus on my own lane and learn what makes my lane good and what makes things tick with the way that I go on with things. I guess it's why I liked Caro so much. Just someone who has everything figured out so well and knows what to do with her life in a way that's just very straight forward. I feel like I'm very much lacking in comparison when I look over my life and see all the different things that I want to do with my time. 
One thing that I really hate about myself is that I'm just having such a hard time in learning C++ and just getting used to the language. Like what the hell, this stuff shouldn't bee this hard but I'm struggling. I think the big thing is that I just need to practice with these things a lot more and just get used to it all a lot more. I know that I should use summer to relax more but I'm getting too tense with things and it's annoying. 
Do I say "the big thing" a lot? There's a lot of present and first person in my work when I talk about things. What does it even mean when I say "the big thing"? Am I just talking about the bigger picture? What about the bigger picture? I guess it's the main take away. Like the thing that I should really remember about the point. Maybe there's a better way to phrase that. Saying "in the end", or "long story short". I don't know, those both feel quite derivative. Like it's just doing the same thing with the words but just replacing them with others. I guess I should say something more concrete and reflective like "Where am I going with all this" it's a call to action of making sure that I reflect on what I've just written and see what I have done to see where I can end this all on. Where am I going with all this? I bring this all up as a way to help me reflect on the words that I've written. To say that there's a message here and I just need to dig it out and put it up as the main things. 
I remember that time when I was just talking to Evelyn on the last time we hung out and I went into that discussion about nestalgia, I was talking about Yesterday Once More and how it was funny how it was a song about being nestalgic about songs and at the same time I was nestalgic about the song since it was something that I'd listened to when I was a child growing up. How the nestalgia was just a way to take you away from the present. A way to maybe not take you to a better time but just a time that's different and where you don't have to care about the present. I told her that I didn't know where to take the video after that point but I guess I know where I wanted to take the video but I know what I want to do with that video. I want to talk about her. I want to talk about how that time we had and how it made me feel. I want to talk about how much I miss her, how painful it is to be alone here on my own island and how I could just go to a time without this pain. Where I had her and where we could just be happy together. I'm a lot like her, I'm scared of moving on even though I know that I have to. I'm scared that I won't be loved the same way she loved me but I know that we weren't meant to be together. I think I'm ready to finally write the story.