There's a playlist that this girl shared with me and it's really good. I've listened to the music a decent amount now and it's just really great. It's not really because the music is my taste, it's just really well made music and when you listen to it, you can just really appreciate all the work that's been put into it. Anyways, I really enjoyed it and I told her that I really liked the playlist. Now I guess the normal response for a person would be "thanks" or "aww, that's really sweet of you" but she was like "yeah it actually sucks, I don't like it." I found this a little odd, when someone first shares you a playlist, it's usually because they really enjoy it and they want you to appreciate their collection. But then to turn back and say that "it sucks" is a little harsh isn't it? Kind of just a spew in saying everything they do sucks. Looking back, she didn't really have much self confidence. Like she really critisized herself a lot and really looked down on everything that she was doing. And you know, I guess that's what a low self confidence does to you. It makes you just downplay all your accomplishments and makes you say that you're less then what you've made. I feel like I've done the same a lot in the past. I'd share some schematic I'd worked on and I'd say "Yeah, this is honestly trash." Why would I say something like that? The person who I'd be talking to wouldn't know the difference and in a way it's kind of making them a fool in saying "Oh you think this is good? You really don't know what good even means" quite a low blow. I don't think the person dismissing complements is just fishing more, I feel like that person just genuenly doesn't really know how to accept others appreciation. I know I feel like I have a hard time with that. And so if you come by someone who can't take a complement, perhaps the better approach is to ask them why they made of the decisions they did. Like with that girl, perhaps I should have asked her why she chose the songs she did or why the specific artists that she picked. What about those songs made them "the best" and why did I feel like they were really good? Or when people talk to me about schematics. Maybe asking why I lay them out the way that they are or why I have the wires labeled the way I do. Ways to help the person in being confident in their choices "I picked this wire because it was the thinnest for our needs" or "the tonal harmony blah blah blah". Just funner questions to help lighten the mood and make things brighter. I wish these were things people asked me, having more of a curiosity in my work and showing that they are actually paying attention. But then again, I guess we're all just stuck in our own heads, trying to get our own thoughts out there. After all, isn't that what this entire thing is about?