After going through some of the writing on word for just the general things I want to say I feel like it would just be a lot better for me if I just wrote out all my thoughts into a notepad instead of a word document. I feel like it's better this way becasue 
1. It's just a text document so the file size will be smaller. I know it's not that big of a deal now but when I'm going to be working with a ton of documents, it'll just make it a lot easier to pull up each of my documents and find the right none that I'm looking for. 
2. There's no spell check. Every mistake is something that I'm going to have to really look at and get better at avoiding in the future. It's like that time I was learning cursive. I only really got better when I really looked at the way that I was writing and really took into account how my hand was flowing across the page and making all those sentences. I feel like I need to just get better at that in making it so that the words that I write out just flow across the page better then they did before. Every time I put two t's at the end of get, it make it so much more apperent for my mistake and there's no assistant to correct me before I have time to really process it in my mind my mistake and understand how to fix it. 
Now one problem that I see with this all is that I don't really have much of a way to make sure that I type better. The only real option that I have right now is to just go a little bit slower then I'd like and make sure that all my fingers are just landing in the right places at the right time. For now, I feel like this is probably the best approach for how I can write all my different essay's that I want to get through. To be ever so cacious and to make sure that all the words that I'm putting down are in the right way to help make it so that this will all flow in something that makes sense. Now another problem that I see is that I don't have autocorrect to help me if I don't know a word which is another thing that I will do quite often and something that I will need help with in making sure that all my words can come out correctly. I feel like I need more help with this all in that I'm dyslexic and that all this typing won't come as easily for me. But I guess I'll just have to learn and get more used to it all. 
3. It'll help me with typing out things for programming. I know this is very much an indirect corralation to the reason that I'm using notepad but just having everything be typed out correctly will help me with just being able to spell out the things that I type out on the programming language a lot better. This is kind of a stupid point but one that I really do need work on. I really do need to make sure that I'm in tip top shape with putting down all my words in a way that makes sense. 
You know, come to think of it I could also just write all my text documents in some kind of IDE, they also have built in autocorrect and I can then push to git which can help me keep all my writing in a single place that's easy to locate. I might try that in the future, it sounds like a fun way for me to just practice both skills in a single thing. Maybe it'll work, maybe I'll frustrate myself out trying ot make it work. In any case, I also think that using a dark mode like Pycharm or Intellij will help with making it so that I can do my late night thoughts in actual night time and not in the night with a screen that has to be turned down to 30% to help make sure I don't go blink with the blinding white behind it all. Also eye strain or whatever programmers complain about. Ok this sounds like a pretty cool plan. 