	Yesterday Once More is this song by The Carpenters. It's this soft rock grove that's quite catchy is you haven't listened to it before. I'd recommend giving it a play if you have time, maybe it'll reach Bohemin Rapcity popularity? When I was a kid, I would listen to the song. Many mornings when I stayed at my dads place, he'd wake me up with music from his iPod. There were lots of classics, Imagine, Only Time, I think I latched onto Yesterday Once More because the song ended with the sound of a car driving off and that sure as heck startled me. I still really enjoy listening to the song. I mean obviously of I wouldn't really talk about them. But what I find execptionally weird about listening to the song is that it's a song about being nestalgic for songs, and it's a song that I'm nestalgic for. 
	Perhaps that's a strong reason that it keeps drawing me back in, that strong connection to my childhood. Now I don't think I really had the most happy childhood, there were a lot of times where I felt sad, but I guess it's just this escape from the present. A way to just jump back into a time where you don't focus on the present and where you can just look at things though rose tinted glasses. I know this probably isn't a hot take, I feel like this is the reason that everyone gives for nestalgia being powerful blah blah blah. I don't think I was every really close to my dad, I think espeically during those times, he was busy learning and transitioning industries. He didn't really have time to care for me aside from watching tv and having dinner together. If you were to see someones place and it were to look like his, it'd be hard to repect the person. It's not very comfortable sleeping in the same bed as your dad. It's even less comfortable living in an appartment where there's dog hair everywhere and vacuuming happens once a year. 


	One thing from my childhood that I dreamed about doing was starting a YouTube Channel. I remember watching Minecraft youtubers in those days and thinking "Man, I really want to do that stuff too." But I never pulled the trigger. Now I feel a lot of regret for that. A lot of feeling like I've just wasted time. Then again, things just line up when they do and you can't really control it. I don't really know why I pulled the trigger now. Hindsights a lot more clear then present so I'll probably give you a proper answer in a year or two but I guess the answer I'll use now will be " I recently stopped talking to my ex and I'm using this as a way to fill the void of someone who I've poured all my inner thoughts to since I feel like thoughts such as this are too heavy to burden my friends with. And by that I don't mean that they won't like to hear more of my personal thoughts, more of that I won't want them to feel the need to stay friends with me since I share dark thoughts with them. So therefore, it's easier to share my messed up thoughts to the internet then with them." Maybe that answer is too real but I feel like things certainly are changing within myself now that I'm not talking to my ex anymore. 
	For context, I started talking to her in Sophomore Year of Highschool. I'd just finished an AP Exam and me and a friend ran into her in a class for some random reason that's a little too complicated to explain. We talked for close to a year before dating and then in fall of my Freshman Year of College, I dumped her. I just had too much of it all and I just wanted out. But I just backed down, I kept talking to her, we still saw each other and it just went on like that for over a year. It's close to 2 years since we broke up, but it's only been about a couple weeks since we really stopped talking. 
	Why did I talk to her for so long still? I think the main thing was that I was lonely. There's a certain comfort that forms when you've been so close to a person for so long. Weirdly, that comfort grows stronger after you're able to be brutally honest with that person. These last couple weeks, I've reflected a lot on our time together. I think I've probably written over 3000 words regarding all my thoughts on her. Ofcourse 90% of the writing is just an emotional mess of me just spilling out my guts on personal details that nobody wants to hear. I miss a lot about her. How she'd hug me and comfort me when I was feeling sad, how she'd push me forward and encurage me to do more. She made me happy. Of course she also made me sad, but I don't think it's fair to say those bad things about her. 